I said youth on the top here and another
pass we'll just arrived man it's been
like a warehouse this week but
well first he told me about this one
because when they're in America visiting
our see Expo like I did last year they
saw some guys there selling these
awesome helicopters and so they came
back and found UK supplier sending them
and possibly if I like this helicopter
my review is good then we will start
selling it in our store as well so it's
just says a max model on the side and
it's a four channel honey you would to
perfidy radio system and she's awesome
got a building gyro and the overall look
of it looks really really sweet let me
take a look closer on the bug so on here
we've got 3d full control gyro
flashlights lipo battery and the charger
as well so or looking very silly allow
me to get it out of the box and we'll
see what is inside
first off I'm loving the look of the
body bear I'm just looking very sweet
alright so first thing I'm gonna do is
cut this tape at the side you can see
boxes tapes down undo this one and then
it's just a case of putting sliding the
copter out right
you can see the radios appearing so now
we've got this bit out we can see
instruction manual looking nice and
sweet all in foreign language let me see
is there any English at all in here I
can't find any English I'll take a look
maybe there's the English part in there
but until now I can't find it also here
you can see 2.40 radio as I just said
it's really sweet there's mo to throttle
on this side and on here we've got LCD
display you see maybe not fit LCD
display so nice model computer thing on
there so that's pretty really sweet and
this is 2.4 gigahertz radio as well so
you get a lot of I'll see tech for your
money let's move on to the helicopter
now so the helicopters here and it's
looking really really sweet this bit
smaller than I expected but actually it
looks really sweet quality single rotor
series and carbon fiber or at least
carbon fiber effects red parts okay so
allow me to now remove the helicopter
from the polystyrene and then we'll take
close it up yes I just got the
helicopter out and everything seems
really sweet quality actually for its
price it certainly doesn't feel like
it's worth that much it feels like it's
worth more you can see we've got good
quality main gear and this battery
connects us all in here batteries in
here already and everything's looking
really nice you can see on/off switch is
on this side and actually it feels
really really sweet quality it feels
really really nice no take a look at
other things and then later on we'll do
closer look at the helicopter it so now
the radio is finally out
and as with the helicopter radio seems
very very nice
we got the LCD display here with the
buttons on there their topology antenna
is actually in the box separate I got to
get the one out and then fit that one on
but it looks really really sweet rear of
the radio battery compartment matching
compartment here and even carry handle
or laying down on the floor stand is
included so looking really really sweet
let me take a look now at the charger
and also other things inside the box
nice and simple here's our charger for
the battery just jst type plug on there
looks nice let me just put on there 2.40
antenna somebody put it on and screw
alright
simple so now we've got the antenna
added also in the box is like spare
blades and other sweet things but I
wouldn't get those out because they're
like all taped in but you do actually
get some spare blades with this one and
a screwdriver as well to do repairs and
stuff on which is really nice and an
added bonus you could say overall
sitting here it looks very very nice and
I'm loving the look of it so stay tuned
for closer look video we'll do that in a
moment and then finally mid and hover
maybe and we'll see how it goes
enjoy and more videos are coming soon
www.youtube.com /ej the only talk bye
bye